Aka what you get from some silly brainstorming between three questionably sane idiots.

"321-67 - the code to infinite happiness! Find out why" 
"25 reasons for which you should not trap wizards in gems (unless you really, REALLY know what you're doing") 
"Fashionable jewelery - what to expect you might fetch on nearest princess snatching season" 
"THE OFFERING SCAM! Or: how to not get yourself blasted from the inside out"
"Know your lancemen! Which are dangerous, which are endangered" 
"new recipes for armour-wrapped baked knights - now with gluten-free option!" 
"TRAVELLING: The Dessert Dimension - how to get the most of your trip while not embarassing local lizardfolk" 
"SAVE UP TO 10000 GP with our coupon collection for the WINGOGRAD INFLAMMABLE CARPET STORE" 
"Fireproofing - how to let your neighbours know you actually care for your environment" 
"Ranking of traditional methods of avoiding fire-snoring!" 
"16 most ignored symptoms of human infestation in your household"
"Thermite, firebreather amplifier mask, mexican food - how to squeeze out everything from your natural flamethrowering capabilities"
"HE REPLACED HIS BONES WITH GOLD. 5 pages of interview with Volvogio Uberschaft"
"The latest travel hit - the CATNIP DIMENSION! How to prepare and get back with the funkiest loot ever"
"Know your lancemen! Which are best for cold climate, which are best for tropics, which you should just convert to skeletons"
"The 5 articles in competing magazines that must have been written by some gold-deprived youngsters"
"The 7 instruments which you can play with your wings to further embarass your adversaries"
"Know your lancemen! Which make good cooks, which make good soup"
"The lancemen's corner! Looking for job? Apply here. Looking for death? Also apply here."
"Sword set in a stone? or maybe it's your tail's tip? 10 ways to prank knight-wannabes"
"PENGUINS IN YOUR SUGAR! How to prevent, how to remove"
"The 99 ways to make your scales stand out without looking like a hipster"
"FREE PRESENT! <<Torturing Wizards for Dummies>> sampler"
"Taking cue from humans - how to make dwarves act as your personal garden gnomes"
"Know your family bonds! Wyverns, kobolds, hydras, gorynches - which you can invite for a tea party, and which should stay away from your cave at all costs" 
"monthly ranking: THE LAVA POOLS! which are best for keeping things out, which are best for keeping things in"
"Scales falling out? 10 reasons why you should consult your witch doctor first before using specifics from unknown sources"
"Is a wizard camping you with an invulnerable shield? - Coping with frustration"
"Know your lancemen! Which make for good kid toys, which are good for nothing"
"The 17 least remembered methods of storing gold - how to find your pocket savings"
"Know your cows! Which are good for you, which you should leave to humans, which you should transform into lancemen"
"A dragon among humans - pros and cons living on paid health care and food surplus, and its responsibilities"
"Know your lancemen! Which are conservatives, which are liberals, which are sane"
"A dragon among humans - why growing lancemen can be fun, creative and practical"

